Ok, estas preguntas van a estar bien interesantes.
Estas preguntas van a ser muy
interesantes, so put your answers in the
comments below.
Be honest.
1.
Alex, for instance, back in the early
20s, some governments used to restrict
internet access during times of political unrest.
So what did governments do during times
of political unrest in the early 20s?
Next.
Jamie, the prohibition of social media
would likely lead to unintended consequences.
For example, when governments prohibited
social media in the past, the results
were often counterproductive.
Ok, so the question is, what was the
common outcome when governments banned
social media in the past according to Jamie?
Next, number 3.
Jamie, the future of social media and its
role in society should be managed with
careful thought rather than sweeping bans.
So, what does Jamie suggest that should
be done with social media instead of
banning it?
What does Jamie suggest that should be
done instead of banning social media?
Alright, quiero ver tus preguntas.
I want to see your questions.
Put them down in questions in the
comments section.
We are going to talk to you today.
Thank you, everyone.
Number
three
.